Added additional information to RMA process from customer's account (#1485)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/rma-customer-experience.md

    ![]({% link images/images/storefront-orders-and-returns-create-new-return.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Create New Return_

1. Additionally, sets **Contact Email Address** and **Comments** if needed.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> If the order contains several items and customer wants to return for example two out of four, they click **Add Item To Return** button, selects an item and sets all mentioned options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the order contains several items and the customer wants to return, for example, two out of four, they click the  **Add Item To Return** button, then select an item and then set all mentioned options.
```

Author: Changes applied.
Thanks!
